[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu hunted Goku and
Vegeta across the universe,
and stumbled upon
hallowed ground.
[KIBITO KAI]
Oh no! Buu's all set
to destroy Grand Kai's World!
We're the ones
he's really after, right?
All we have to do is
raise our energy high enough
to let him know where we are.
Oh yeah!
[chuckles]
[VEGETA, GOKU yelling]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[NARRATOR]
Vegeta's plan worked,
luring Buu to the
sacred World of the Kais.
[GOKU yelling]
[NARRATOR] On this empty world,
Goku can fight with abandon,
but does he have enough power
to stop Majin Buu?
The battle continues, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[KIBITO KAI]
Eeeh!
It's all over now!
Not even Goku
can stop this evil!
Buu's gonna tear the whole
universe to pieces!
[ELDER KAI]
Ooh.
Hold back on the
gloom and doom, kid.
I think Goku's actually
thinking this one through.
[KIBITO KAI, DENDE]
Huh?
He's gauging Buu's power
and looking for weak points.
If he fights with some brains
we might win this yet.
It's the end of the world
and the next world!
I just hope there's a next next
world or we're toast!
[hollers]
[MR. SATAN] Easy, boy,
don't throw off my balance!
[BEE, MR. SATAN hollering]
This Buu...
He may not be the smartest and
I'm not even sure he's sane,
but his power and speed
are out of this world,
and he can regenerate
from damage almost instantly.
This is definitely
his most dangerous form.
[KID BUU laughing]
[MR. SATAN gasps]
[KID BUU]
Hmph!
There, that look in his eyes!
Goku's finally getting serious!
[bellows]
[GOKU]
All right, Buu. Let's do this.
[KID BUU]
Hm?
[chuckles]
Heh. It's about time
he put in a little effort.
[MR. SATAN]
You see that?
I think Blondie just got
some extra blond!
[KID BUU grunts]
--[GOKU grunts]
--[KID BUU yells]
[VEGETA grunts]
--[GOKU grunting]
--[KID BUU groaning]
[KID BUU grunts]
[BOTH holler]
Take your time--
you're getting sloppy.
It's way too early
in this fight for that.
[KID BUU grunting]
--[KID BUU grunting, laughing]
--[GOKU groaning]
[GOKU hollers, yells]
Whoa. They're fighting at a
level I've never seen before.
It's incredible!
Come on, buddy. Hang in there.
[ALL gasp]
Wow! What a battle!
Who are these people?
I'm just glad I get to see it.
It's a once-in-
a-lifetime chance!
Hey. That blond one
looks like the guy
who fell off Snake Way
a while back,
though his hair
was black, I think.
Oh yeah, I think you're right!
His name is Goku.
I thought that guy was dead!
Mm! Damn Saiyan monkey!
He's shattered my dreams of
conquering the whole universe!
He ruined everything!
I hope the monster child
rips you apart!
Ppppt!
I have to admit,
this is surprising.
I never imagined
someone could be
stronger than my perfect self.
So if that's Goku,
then who's the other fighter?
Beats me, I've never seen him.
--[BABIDI] Buu!
--[ALL] Huh?
[laughing]
Isn't he something else?
That's my former slave
and protégé, Majin Buu!
[ALL gasp]
[BABIDI]
Oh yes, that's right.
He practically
worshipped me, too.
Followed me around
like a loyal little puppy dog.
[ALL]
Aah!
I taught him those moves.
He basically learned
everything from me.
Wasn't much of a student,
to be honest.
He'd be even better
if he had half a brain!
[ALL gasp]
Wow, if he was your student,
you must be incredible, Babidi!
Yeah. Well, you know.
I'm pretty amazing, it's true.
[laughs]
I'll always wonder if
I could've raised him better,
but I'm still proud, I suppose.
[ALL gasping, chatting]
[BABIDI]
Darn it! Darn it! Darn it!
You made a total fool out of me,
you ungrateful little Majin!
I hope you lose with the whole
universe watching.
I hope he humiliates you
in front of everybody!
So good luck, Goku!
Knock him silly!
Look! They're demolishing
our sanctuary!
--You said it'd be fine!
--[ELDER KAI cheering]
Oh relax, sonny boy,
it's just cosmetic!
Go get him, Goku!
Push it to the limit!
Then push it some more!
Show that punk who's boss!
[KID BUU yells]
Huh?
[GOKU]
Eeeh!
[KID BUU chuckles, grunts]
[KID BUU chuckling]
Aah!
[MR. SATAN, BEE groan]
Now there, there,
little guy. You'll be okay.
Even in this outlandish dream
I'm still right here
to protect you.
I'm the great Mr. Satan,
hero of the earth,
and nothing can bring me down!
--Uuh...!
--[BEE barks]
[GOKU]
Where did he go?
--[rumbling]
--[GOKU yelling]
Yikes!
Ah! Uh-oh!
[GOKU] He's bouncing around
down there. He's all over!
I can't tell where
he's gonna come up!
[KID BUU]
He-heh!
[yells]
[KID BUU laughs]
[GOKU groaning]
Well, I guess he
answered that question.
[yells, laughs]
[GOKU]
Damn. Even at Super Saiyan 3,
I still can't
keep up with him. Augh!
And it seems like
he can anticipate
every move I'm gonna make.
[GOKU grunts]
[KID BUU laughing]
[VEGETA] Majin Buu's
strength is ridiculous!
[laughing]
--Hm.
--[GOKU gasps]
[KID BUU yells]
Guess it's all or nothing now.
I can't conserve my energy.
I've got to max out.
Ka... me...
ha... me...
Ha!
[KID BUU screams]
[GOKU exhales]
[KRILLIN]
No. Goku.
[KING KAI grunting]
[GOKU grunting]
[panting]
Uh!
[ALL laughing]
[GOKU gasps]
[KID BUUS laughing]
Eeeh!
Aw, what in the heck
is going on now?!
Are you kidding?!
Are those Buu's kids?
What did I eat
to have this dream?
[KID BUUS laughing]
[bellows]
[groans]
He's all tapped out!
[MR. SATAN gasps]
I'll take my turn now, Kakarot.
[GOKU groaning]
You gotta.
He's--He's... You gotta...
Stop talking
and get some rest.
[GOKU] Vegeta. He's...
He's insanely... strong.
You gotta be ready for it.
[exhales]
Trust me, I know.
[ALL laughing]
-[VEGETA grunts]
-[KID BUUS laughing]
[VEGETA yells]
[KID BUUS screaming]
[panting]
Yaye, aye, aye, aye!
[laughing]
[VEGETA grunts]
--[VEGETA yell]
--Vegeta!
[VEGETA] His attacks
are so fast, so powerful!
How was Kakarot
fighting this freak?
It's worse than I thought!
Vegeta is completely outmatched
against Buu's pure form.
[ELDER KAI]
It's definitely bad.
[laughing]
[VEGETA] He dares to mock me?
Prince Vegeta?
First noble son
of the proud warrior race?
--[VEGETA yells]
--[KID BUU chuckles]
--[KID BUU growls]
--[VEGETA yells]
[hollers]
[grunts]
--[VEGETA grunts]
--[KID BUU hollers, chuckles]
[grunts]
--[VEGETA grunts]
--[KID BUU hollers, chuckles]
[grunts, laughs]
Damn. This bastard's too strong.
What can he do now?
[KID BUU laughs, grunts]
[VEGETA groaning]
--[neck cracking]
--[KID BUU grunting]
[gasps]
[KID BUU chuckling]
[VEGETA]
I'm no match for him.
I'm outclassed in every way!
[KID BUU chuckling]
[grunts]
[yells]
[VEGETA] He's going to
finish me! This is it!
--[KID BUU grunts]
--[GOKU grunts]
[KID BUU groans]
[distant explosion]
Thanks for the break, Vegeta.
But I've got to handle this.
Majin Buu's stronger
than anyone I've ever faced,
there's no doubt about that.
But I've still got a
little more fight left in me.
--[grunts]
--[VEGETA gasps]
[GOKU chuckles]
[grunts]
[bellows]
[VEGETA] Your strength
is truly amazing, Kakarot.
Majin Buu has become
too powerful for me,
it's as simple as that.
You're the only one
who can fight him now.
[VEGETA]
You've always been like this.
Ever since the day
I first met you,
when my conquering of frontier
worlds brought me to Earth.
You were always ready
to meet a challenge,
even when it was
bigger than you were.
[VEGETA]
Nice of you to drop by.
Still, I'm a little embarrassed
for you, I have to admit.
I mean I sincerely hope you
didn't come all this way--
back from the dead even--
believing you stood
any chance against us.
[VEGETA]
I refuse to believe this!
It's not possible for Kakarot's
power level to exceed my own!
I belong to the upper
echelon of the most
elite warrior class
the universe has ever seen!
I will not be bested!
Certainly not by some
low-born amateur like you!
I am the greatest
warrior who has ever lived!
[VEGETA] On that day,
I committed my life
to surpassing you, having no
idea just how far you would go.
[VEGETA] According to
all the old legends,
it's been over a thousand years
since one appeared.
A Super Saiyan. A warrior
who was able to break free
of his normal
limitations to achieve
an unprecedented level of power!
But those were
just old stories--
I never actually believed them.
And even if they are true,
only an elite warrior like
myself would have the potential
to ascend to those heights.
Not some fool like Kakarot!
[VEGETA gasps]
[VEGETA] There's no question
that Kakarot has surpassed
the normal limitations
of a Saiyan warrior.
But how? Some sort
of special training?
Could the legend really be true?
Has Kakarot become...
a Super Saiyan?
Then at last it happened.
Fueled by my self-loathing,
I too transformed.
After living every moment
of every day
for the singular purpose
of reigning over you,
I finally became
a Super Saiyan myself.
The prince had
reclaimed his throne
and fulfilled his destiny.
[VEGETA] But no matter
how strong I became,
your power still exceeded mine.
At first I thought
it was your loved ones.
That it was your instinct
to protect them
that spurred you on, and
pushed you beyond your limits.
And certainly
that was part of it.
I've seen enough
of that clown smile
to know how much
they mean to you.
But over these years,
I realized there was more.
I made a family of my own,
and still it wasn't the key.
It's something else in the way
you approach a battle.
I used to fight for
the sheer pleasure of it,
sparing no one.
I killed for dominance,
and to feed my insatiable pride.
But you never fought to kill,
or even to win.
Only to test your limits,
and become the strongest
you could possibly be.
You showed mercy to everyone,
even your fiercest enemies--
even me. As if you knew
I would one day
possess this
tiny sliver of a soul.
How can a Saiyan
fight with such power,
and at the same time
be so gentle?
It makes me angry
just thinking about it.
But perhaps it's my anger
that's made me
blind to the truth for so long.
I see it now. I fought
to push down others.
You only fight to push yourself.
Hang in there, Kakarot.
You are number one!
[GOKU yells]
[KID BUU hollers]
[MR. SATAN, BEE scream]
[MR. SATAN] Not in the face!
Not in the face!
[MR. SATAN screams]
[GOKU screams]
[KID BUU yells]
Aah!
[chuckles]
[VEGETA gasps]
[MR. SATAN, BUU groaning]
Man, my dream packs a punch!
I must be even
stronger than I think!
Ugh! Not again!
[KID BUU chuckling]
[GOKU]
Ka... me...
ha... me...
Ha!
[yells]
[KID BUU groaning]
[GOKU panting]
There. You taking notes?
That's a real Kamehame-Ha.
[KID BUU grunting]
[GOKU] Damn it.
All right, next round.
[grunts]
--[GOKU yells]
--[KID BUU chuckles]
[NARRATOR] Even the proud Vegeta
has at last tipped his hat,
acknowledging there's
only one Saiyan left
who can save the universe
from Majin Buu.
The fight to end
all fights intensifies,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
And damn it,
there's no end to Buu's energy!
I've gotta go bigger!
But I need 60 seconds
to focus my attack!
[VEGETA]
Leave that to me, Kakarot!
I'll find a way to keep him
busy, just make this count!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Good luck, Vegeta.
It won't be easy.